While giving your copied profile a name, you can also review the
EXPECTED RESULT column to see if the new profile name already exists in the target customer's account.
If the name DOESN'T already exist, then a new copied profile is created.
If the name DOES exist, and the origin profile matches the existing copied-profile's origin,
then the existing copied-profile is overwritten.
If the name DOES exist, and the origin profile DOES NOT match
the existing copied profile's origin, then you'll see an error.
To help illustrate these points, let’s imagine that you want to copy
a Knox Manage profile, called "KSP policies 1", from Customer A to Customer B.
If customer B doesn't already have a copied-profile called "KSP policies 1",
then a new profile is created on their account.
If customer B already has a copied profile called "KSP policies 1",
and this profile is a copy of the original "KSP policies 1" profile from Customer A,
then customer B's profile is overwritten.
If customer B already has a copied-profile called "KSP policies 1",
but that profile's origin is not the same as "KSP policies 1" from Customer A,
then an error occurs.
For example, copying a profile named "KSP policies 2" from Customer A to Customer B,
but renaming it as "KSP policies 1" would produce an error,
but renaming it as "KSP Policies 1" would produce an error,
as the origin profile would be different between the two accounts.
On the Customize profile names page, you'll see an error in the Expected Results column
letting you know that no action will be taken.
If you create the profile, the console will show a "Failed to copy" error message.
This concludes the video on how to understand and troubleshoot profile naming.
For additional help at any time, see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!